gui_label_chat = Chat
gui_label_console = Console
gui_label_find_servers = Find Servers
gui_label_friends = Friends
gui_label_help = Help
gui_label_options = Options
gui_label_quick_match = Quick Match
gui_label_quit = Quit
gui_label_send = Send
gui_browser_password = PW
gui_browser_servername = Server Name
gui_browser_gamemode = Gamemode
gui_browser_map = Map
gui_browser_players = Players
gui_browser_ping = Ping
gui_browser_refresh = Refresh
gui_browser_connect = Connect
gui_browser_filter = Filters
gui_browser_tab_internet = Internet
gui_browser_tab_official = Official
gui_browser_tab_lan = Lan
gui_browser_tab_favorites = Favorites
gui_browser_tab_history = History